Update plans terminology (#1518)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/serverless-functions/edge-caching.mdx

  description:
    'Learn how Serverless Function responses are cached with ZEIT Now and how you can define the cache behavior.',
  editUrl: 'pages/docs/v2/serverless-functions/edge-caching.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-12-18T17:13:57.000Z'
}

The ZEIT Smart CDN is active for all deployments and domains on your account and caches your content at [the edge](/docs/v2/network/regions-and-providers/) to serve data to your users as fast as possible.

> The Smart CDN is available for each of our [pricing plans](/docs/v2/platform/limits.mdx#plans) and can be activated for [Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction) by providing [`Cache-Control` headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control).

Reviewer: Linking to `.mdx` files will break since we compile to html, also I think it's important to note that the free plan supports the Smart CDN since the docs may be a place that users look to when seeing how the free plan compares when testing the platform for future usage.

```suggestion
The Smart CDN is available for all of our [pricing plans](/docs/v2/platform/limits#plans) (including the Free plan) and can be activated for [Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction) by providing [`Cache-Control` headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control).
```

Author: Gotcha, will remove the `.mdx` extension :+1: . 

Regarding distinguishing the free plan from the rest of our plans, how can we best word that? 
```
The Smart CDN is available for all of our pricing plans, free tier included, and can be activated ...
```
I feel that hyperlinking it to our plans encourages a quick peek and maybe we can open it in a new tab to not distract them from the rest of the page?

Reviewer: Perhaps you're right. Let's go with what we have for now, and discuss it further later. I'm only thinking that "pricing plans" sounds like the plans that you pay for, even though Free is part of that. It's not so important since it's correct though.
